feat(curriculum): add Block 15 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59354)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-manage-a-conversation/67f0524c149e9af2c7e31023.md

---
id: 67f0524c149e9af2c7e31023
title: Task 105
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-105
---

<!-- (Audio) Sarah: Well, we've had some issues with the new software integration. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Well, we've had some issues with the new software BLANK.`

## --blanks--

`integration`

### --feedback--

This refers to the process of combining different software systems so they work together.

# --explanation--

`Software integration` is the process of connecting different software systems or tools so they can work as one system. It often involves making sure that data flows smoothly between the systems. For example:

> `The team is working on the integration of the new payment system into the app.` – This means they are combining the new system with the existing app so they function together.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The team is working on the software integration to add the new payment system into the app.` – This means they are combining the new system with the existing app so they function together.  
```
You teach `software integration` but example uses only `integration`
